## C - argc, argv

- **Task 0: It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.** Write a program that prints its name, followed by a new line. You shouldn't remove the path before the name of the program.
- **Task 1: Silence is argument carried out by other means.** write a program that prints the number of arguments passed into it except the first one, followed by a new line.
- **Task 2: The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.** Write a program that prints all arguments it receives, one per line, ending with a new line.
- **Task 3: Neither irony nor sarcasm is argument.** Write a program that multiplies two numbers and prints the result of the multiplication, followed by a new line. You can assume that the two numbers and teh result of the multiplication can be stored in an integer. If the program does not receive two arguments, it should print `Error`, followed by a new line and return `1`.
- **Task 4: To infinity and beyond.** Write a program that adds positive numbers and prints the result, followed by a new line. If no number is passed to the program, print `0`, followed by a new line. If one of the numbers contains symbols that are not digits, print `Error`, followed by a new line and return `1`. You can assume that the numbers and the addition of all the numbers can be stored in an `int`.

- **Task 5: Minimal Number of Coins for Change.** Write a program that prints the minimum number of coins to make change for an amount of money. Usage: `./change cents` where `cents` is the amount of cents you need to give back. If the number of arguments passed is not exactly `1`, print `Error`, followed by a new line, and return `1`. Use `atoi` to parse the parameter passed to your program. If the number passed as the argument is negative, print `0`, followed by a new line. You can use and unlimited number of coins of values 25, 10, 5, 2, and 1 cent.
